Fix Property Mediator JSONPath syntax for MI 4.4.0 (#1832)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/property-mediator.md

```xml
<property name="HTTP_SC" value="500" scope="axis2"/>
```

### Extract JSON property values

> The Property mediator can extract values from JSON payloads using JSONPath expressions. In MI 4.4.0 and later, use the direct JSONPath syntax without the `json-eval()` function wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Property mediator can extract values from JSON payloads using JSONPath expressions. In MI 4.4.0 and later, use synapse expressions.
```
